This old fox's abacus is really good
However, the current situation cannot be resisted
Okay, so you should let me go now
Of course you want to put it
But you little bitch
It's not some upstairs light.
I also need to watch out for you.
I can't let the tiger go back to the mountain
What do you want?
Don't be nervous, this is good stuff
Promise you'll listen to me in the future
Are you sure you'll be put in jail?
hands-on
Ah slightly total
Why are you back?
Little Wildcat
Wake up
It's you again
worry about gains and losses
Found by you
I look embarrassed
Or was it discovered by you?
I like to see you any way you look
Little Wildcat
Mr. Sha
I didn't know it was your woman
I want to know it's your daughter
Give me a hundred guts, I wouldn't dare
2 Mr. Sha, please give me a way to live
I didn't say I wanted you to die.
Thanks last time
Compared to death
I prefer to let others know
What do you mean life is better than death?
Mr. Chen
Follow me ah ah ah ah